Recently, the issue of how to raise and discipline children has long been contentious. In my opinion, physical punishment is harmful, other forms of punishment are critical in teaching children to distinguish between right and wrong. While others argue otherwise. It is my personal belief that each side of the debate has its strengths and others form of punishment need to imposed.

Corporal punishment / bodily punishment / physical punishment
obey obedient / obedience.

Pons
Beating children teaches them to be obedient quickly.
Beating children deters them from committing the wrong behaviour.

Cons
Bodily punishment traumatizes young people / estranges them from their caregivers.

Without physical punishment
Young people feel that they can do whatever they wish without regard for others without any form of discipline. One means of disciplining children is temporarily restricting the time they are able to spend participating in activities they enjoy. For example, if the child likes playing video games as a punishment their video game console could be momentarily taken away.

Another possibility is to force children to help with household takes such as washing the car, mowing the lawn and washing dishes.

The teacher could enages their students in community service programmes.

Unlike beating these measures can help children to distinguish between right and wrong behaviour without leaving them emotionally and physically scarred.


Globalization
With a growing economy in the global, the effects of globalization have become the subject of heated debate. Someone asserts that the effects of this phenomenon on economies are generally catastrophic, while others champion its effects.

3인칭(Cons)
On the one hand, it has been argued by some that globalization has had numerous detrimental effects.

A supposed reason is that globalization can lead to unemployment in developed countries as companies move to countries where labour is cheap.

In addition, this phenomenon can create a race to the bottom, lowering salaries and leading to exploitation.

Global trade creates excessive waste and pollution. For example, a number of factories to turn out goods on mess production in China cause harmful to make find dust seriously in Korea.

Pons(1인칭)
On the other hand, it cannot be denied that the phenomenon has several economic advantages.

An obvious benefit is that globalization has allowed for increased trade between nations, which can be beneficial to both parties and strengthen political relationships.

Globalization can help reduce poverty in less developed countries.

Globalization can lead to an increase in the standard of living in the developing world.

Globalization can encourage investment in under-developed contries.

Increased competition between countries and companies can benefit consumers who can buy cheaper and better product.